Added doc to explain how to fix AKHQ kafka dns name since some versio… (#5)
cloudops/cloudmc-monetization-local: README.md

To exit, press `Ctrl+C`

More info [here](https://docs.confluent.io/platform/current/app-development/kafkacat-usage.html#consumer-mode)

## Connection problem in AKHQ

> Depending on you docker version, you may be experiencing some connectivity issue in AKHQ to Kafka.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on your version of docker, you may be experiencing some connectivity issues in AKHQ to Kafka.
```

Please verify first that both Zookeeper and Kafka containers are up. If it is so, you need to do an update to the docker-compose.yaml file. 

You must update the file from : 
```
  akhq:
    environment:
      AKHQ_CONFIGURATION: |
        akhq:
          connections:
            docker-kafka-server:
              properties:
                bootstrap.servers: "cloudmc-monetization-local-kafka-1:9092"
```
to :
```
  akhq:
    environment:
      AKHQ_CONFIGURATION: |
        akhq:
          connections:
            docker-kafka-server:
              properties:
                bootstrap.servers: "cloudmc-monetization-local_kafka_1:9092"
```

Then run again the docker-compose command.
```
docker-compose up -d
```

> It seems the docker container name generation changed in the most recent version of docker. They use now hyphens instead of underscores.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It seems the docker container name generation changed in the most recent version of docker. They now use hyphens instead of underscores.
```
